



Hi Trio Development team,

@Vignesh addressed that there was an issue in the content loading saying that not more than 10 contents are loaded to the home-page in the latest master branch.

We analyzed the root cause of the issue for almost 4-5 hrs and found that the contents were loading perfectly with the master branch code which was present 3 commits before the commits done by @Vignesh.
Almost 21 files were changed and committed to the master branch on Feb 13, 2020 [Refer screenshot] without checking for backward compatibility. 

The proper working commit was present in master on Feb 12, 2020 and its corresponding commit ID is bfdf8d6eb0c846ed592ed2498c9204b515b4e14c

As mention before almost 21 files moved to master in a single commit which makes it very difficult for us to track differences between the proper working and the commits done by @Vignesh.
To Resolve this issue kindly revert the commit done by @Vignesh and commit the changes with proper commit message and check for backward compatibility and let us know if the problem still persist.

We highly recommend Trio Development team to follow the below procedures before committing the code to master,

1. Create a branch from master and integrate your code.
2. Perform code review on the integrated code.
3. Perform unit testing and check for all success and failure cases and exception handling.
4. Perform backward compatibility testing and make sure that and there are no code degradation and reoccurring of the fixed issue.
5. Commit the integrated code to your branch with proper commit message and raise pull request to master.
6. Check for the code differences between master and your branch.
7. Finally merge your code to master.

Note :
   **** PLEASE DO NOT COMMIT DIRECTLY TO MASTER BRANCH *****
   
If the above suggestions are not to be followed properly, it might lead to N-number of issues and workaround which might cause serious impact on Product quality in near future.
   
If the above suggestions are followed properly , if there are issues occurring during the release of the product it would be easy to revert to the working state of the branch and maintain 
the application uninterrupted and avoid those unfortunate that occurred today.

Build better product together ...! Cheers for Chillupp...! 

Thanks & Regards,
Elavarasan S.
ForU Technologies & Services.



